Write about 3 existing solution 58 (#64)
SW709E19/Report: report/PartProblemAnalysis/ChapterExistingSolutions/existing-solutions.tex

\subsection{Cost}
ABB Group has prices for 3 different motor sensors on their website, all costing 584\$.
There is no listing of other sensors and their prices on the ABB Group website. \citep{AbbGroupPrices}

\subsection{Summary}
ABB group supplies a complete solution including advanced sensors which are difficult to mount and only work for very specific equipment.
Their sensors can work independently or connect through a gateway.
If the sensors are used without a gateway, they have to be read using a smartphone within the proximity range.
Their batteries are not replaceable, which means the sensors have a limited lifetime.

\section{Jarltech International}
Jarltech International is a Taiwanese company, specialised in the manufacturing of electronic hardware and is a software service provider.

Jarltech has a product in their line "IOT solution with wireless sensors", called Star-series.
The Star-series products will be the focus of this research.

\subsection{Where it is used}\label{JarltechWhereIsItUsed}
%IGNORE_LINE

> Jarltech Star-series can be used in many industries and supports all sensors using UART, I2C, SPI, Analog and MODBUS protocols.

Author: Hvad med?
```suggestion
The Star-series product line from Jarltech can be used in many industries and supports all sensors using UART, I2C, SPI, Analog and MODBUS protocols.
```

\subsection{Cost}
Jarltech has not replied on our inquiries and the thus assume they will not disclose the prices of their devices.

\subsection{Maintenance}
Jarltech sensors can run both on power from an outlet or be battery powered.
If the sensors are battery powered they have to have their battery changed.
The Star-series is powered by 18650 batteries, which are rechargeable lithium batteries, that can hold 2000~3000 mAh \cite{LithiumBatteries} \cite{JarltechStarSeries}.
Jarltech does not disclose the expected battery life of their devices.

\subsection{Types of communication}
The Star-series product can communicate using low power Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, Zigbee connectivity and ethernet \cite{JarltechStarSeries}.
Jarltech does not supply any information regarding range, data rates or encryption regarding any of the technologies.

\subsection{Summary}
Jarltech does not provide sensors, but their Star-series devices support sensors using the different protocols listed in section \ref{JarltechWhereIsItUsed}.
However, their devices do support a lot of protocols which gives it a wide range of supported sensors.

> The devices can be powered by batteries or from the outlet.

Author: Det tænker jeg godt vi kan undvære.

> All in all, the Star-series devices have potential but has no official sensors which are listed as supported, it can be hard to determine their effectiveness and versatility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All in all, the Star-series devices support many potential sensors but have no official sensors which are listed as supported, and it is therefore difficult to determine their effectiveness and versatility.
```
